# Robotic Pest Control System 

Advanced Swarm Robotics for Precision Agriculture Monitoring. AGRO ROVER is an automatic farming gadget using IOT. WURC Rover Electrical. AgriDrone AI is a deep learning-based system designed to identify crop diseases and provide real-time treatment advice. wdrone is an open-source project aimed at developing a comprehensive and automated solution for precision agriculture. Mission Planner Ground Control Station for ArduPilot. OWL is a camera-based weed detection system. ROS2 Off-board drone control with DDS and PX4. C++ SDK for Mobile Robot Platforms. ADRL Control Toolbox ('CT'), an open-source C++ library for efficient modelling, control, estimation, trajectory optimization and model predictive control. SoMo (SoftMotion) is a framework to facilitate the simulation of continuum manipulator (CM) motion. Crocoddyl is an optimal control library for robot control under contact sequence. Quadruped-PyMPC is a model predictive controller. OpenAI Gym environments for an open-source quadruped robot. Open Dynamic Robot Initiative open-source hardware and software for torque-controlled robots. Open Quadruped is an open-source 3D-printed quadrupedal robot. Fields2Cover robust and efficient coverage paths for autonomous agricultural vehicles. The FarmBot Modular Agricultural Robotics System. CoFly-GUI is a novel, low-cost, user-friendly Precision Agriculture platform. nano-robot system designed for precision agriculture applications. Smart Pest Detection is a project aimed at detecting pests using advanced machine learning algorithms. AI Quadruped for Agriculture is an OAK-D enabled quadruped robot with robotic arm to effectively spray water/pesticides/insecticides. The Autonomous Agricultural Robot utilizes AI, ROS, and advanced hardware to autonomously detect, pick, and transport paddy for efficient harvesting. MITRA is an AI-powered autonomous agricultural robot. Stable Baselines3 (SB3) is a set of reliable implementations of reinforcement learning algorithms in PyTorch

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.